Hi, everyone.
In this letter, we are going to talk about the JavaScript ternary operator.
All right, so the tour operator in JavaScript is another way of writing conditionals, but this operator
only checks for two conditions.
So think of this and if statement, which has an else statement inside of it, OK, a single statement
or think of it as a switch statement, which has a default statement inside of it.
All right.
So the syntax is so this is this is basically the simplest way of checking for two conditions.
And that said, that is the extent of performance that this this operator has.
So if you want to very quickly check for two conditions, you should use this operator.
So the syntax is in this way.
First off, we create our variable and we set it to some sort of value and we say if score is equal
to 10 F score.
Now, this part is our condition.
This is our condition, OK?
And we say if score is equal to 10, then a question mark.
Run this code.
All right.
If it is equal to 10, then run grade A.
And if it is not if it is not equal to 10, again, this is a calling.
Then run the other code.
Right?
That's it.
That's how simple this is.
And run grade B that says it.
Score is not defined.
OK, let's go ahead and let's define the score variable so we should define the score variable.
This is the value for that score variable.
So let's initially put it to 10, right.
So if the score is equal to 10, then Konzerthaus lower grade A and I'm just going to go ahead and zoom
in a bit more so you guys can see this is a colon and these are triple equality.
Basically, here we have our equality operators, our like comparison operators.
And then if the comparison operator is met, then we are going to run this.
If the comparison operator is not met, then we are going to run this code.
That's how simple the ternary operator is, right.
OK, so I think that's it, I'm just going to go over the syntax one more time.
So if the score is 10, so we first and initializes score and we set it a variable of score and we set
it to 10, if the score is equal to 10, we want to consider log grid A and if it is not equal to 10,
we are going to run consider log great beat.
Now let's put it to, I don't know, nine.
We are going to see grade B, so this part is going to be any other scenario.
So it doesn't matter if it is 100 and like I don't know, like 115, you're going to see grade B.
It doesn't matter what the score is, as long as it is not ten.
We are going to run this piece because this is only checking for two conditions, right?
Let's put it back to 10, and that's it for this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.